The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
Someone I've been working with
has misunderstood
their obligations to me.
There's another deal brewing.
'Why are you still in Munich?
Have you loose ends to tie up?'
Fuck you.
We'll need a codename for you.
Why not the Jackal?
I can get your daughter
out of prison.
Just get me Norman's phone number
and I'll do the rest.
I need a priority location
on a phone.
Aaargh!
Fuck!
This is Mr Carver.
He cleans up messes for us.
I spoke to Sparrow this morning.
She's on the hook.
Did you tell her
that her daughter's dead?
# Some flowers
♪ Never get to bloom and see the day
♪ Some flowers
♪ Are content to wish
their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You make
♪ Heaven
♪ Seem it's true
♪ So, only
♪ You can
♪ Tell them
♪ This is who I am
♪ This is who I am!
♪ No lie
♪ Know that
♪ This is who I am ♪
♪ THE SEI: Metroma
♪ We brought this on
♪ Resisting...
'We are now approaching
London Liverpool Street
where this train terminates.'
♪ ..we're missing
♪ Don't ask why
♪ I close my eyes... ♪
Did you get anything
from Norman's phone?
No, it's been wiped remotely. But
there'll probably be some residue.
Paddy, this one's urgent.
What did you get from his bag?
Might wanna take a look at this.
Now you're gonna love this, Bianca.
It's er... very clever.
This operation has been a total and
utter shambles from start to finish.
We have Emma Stoke,
completely innocent,
whose death went unreported
for more than 36 hours.
And we have two
top Special Forces operatives
killed in a botched snatch.
All of it based on nothing more than
a hunch you had about Norman Stoke.
You, and this operation,
need to be shut down now!
I can't see a reason
to keep it alive. Thank you, Bianca.
I retrieved this... bag
from the suspect's location.
So you found a bag that looks like
a million other bags,
one of which the assassin
happened to have.
What does that prove?
I took this with me
through Customs this morning.
I had no idea I was bringing
a sniper rifle with me
and neither did Security.
It's a prototype.
That is actually bloody clever.
The sniper took the weapon
he used to kill Fest with him.
And this is how he did it.
All thanks to Norman Stoke.
Isabel?
No...
It's complicated.
We just lost two men on an op
that supposedly no-one knew about.
Let's get to the bottom
of what went wrong in Belarus
as quickly as possible.
In the meantime...
your operation
is very much alive, Bianca.
Thank you.
'This is Alison,
leave a message.'
Hi, Alison, it's Nadine.
I...I can't
tell you how sorry I am.
What you must be going through
right now is just...
Look, I know I'm the last person
you wanna speak to right now.
But I've been doing some digging
and it would mean a lot to me
if you'd allow me to sit down
with you face-to-face,
so I can explain what happened
and... try and make
some sense of all of this.
You deserve that.
Again, I'm... so sorry.
OK, er... call me back
when you get this. Thanks.
That was very good.
Well, I'm off to Hereford,
see if they've got any names for us.
Why hasn't that been done already?
Oh!
Nein.
Ja, ja, ja, ja, ja, ja.
Naturlich.
Mm-hm.
Hey.
'Hey! Sorry I haven't called.'
I knew the deal
was gonna be complicated,
but it's got ridiculous.
'Is everything alright?'
Nuria?
The other day
when I left you at the airport.
'Yeah?'
I was at Plaza Las Flores...
I saw you pass in a taxi.
Wait, what do you mean?
'I saw you in a taxi, Charles.'
OK, well, I don't know who you saw
but it definitely wasn't me.
But I saw you.
Nuria, I have no idea who you saw,
but I was straight on that plane.
I don't know where you went.
Where are you now?
Now, I'm in an incredibly
overpriced hotel in Amsterdam.
OK, let me see.
Go on video.
Oh, no, please.
You know I hate the video thing,
come on.
Do you have a woman with you?
''
Of course I don't have
a woman with me.
'Then let me see you.'
'Nuria.'
Charles, let me see you
or I will come to Amsterdam tonight.
OK, OK. Alright, alright.
Hello, it's your husband.
Look, wait, wait, wait.
No woman.
Let me see the bathroom.
Honestly?
OK, let's do this.
So... There's um...
...no make-up, no creams, no jars.
No woman.
'Satisfied?'
She might be a very ugly woman.
Yeah, I only have affairs
with incredibly ugly women.
Now can I see my son, please?
'Ma?'
Ma? Que vea Carlitos.
Mira, mira, mira!
Hola.
Oh!
Oh! Que?
Hi.
Que tal?
Look at him, I think,
I think his face has changed.
Is that possible?
Hola!
A-bo!
- A-bo!
- I miss him.
Adios a papa.
Bye-bye.
I love you. Bye-bye.
I miss him.
'He misses you.'
I'm coming to Amsterdam.
I would love that,
but I think they've probably
got me leaving tomorrow, so...
What's wrong, Charles?
You don't want me to come?
No, I would love you to come,
but I...at the moment, honestly,
Nuria, it's so frenzied here that I
literally don't have a minute.
This life we're living,
it's not normal.
Yeah, I know it's not.
'You're always away.
For business you say,
but you never tell me anything
about your business.
I never met any of your colleagues.'
I don't know what you do
when you're away.
'I work, Nuria.
I work, that's all I do.
I just work.'
When are you coming back?
Soon, a couple of days, I-
'When?'
I... Honestly, I don't know.
I'm not sure.
You never know.
It's not good enough, Charles.
Are you coming?
Love, are you coming?
They get you over here
to identify her...
...and then they don't
even fucking call you.
Bit of fresh air will do you good.
You go.
Who's this?
'Who the fuck do you think it is?'
About ye, Norman?
I'm so sorry about Emma.
I can't imagine
what you're going through.
No, you can't.
Larry and me are here
to take Emma home.
Can you not just let us do that?
Do you have no common decency?
You said on the phone
you'd been digging?
I've spoken to everybody.
And I have to tell you
that no one behaved improperly.
Did you know that Emma had
- a pre-existing condition?
- No.
First I heard of it was when
they rang us to tell us the news.
It could just as easily
have happened at home, in bed.
But she wasn't in her bed, was she?
She was in a police cell
and you put her there.
I didn't, Alison.
And I've told you that.
Do you even know what the truth is?
Listen to me carefully, Alison.
Norman killed two British officers
yesterday and now he's disappeared.
What's that got to do with me?
That's nothing to do with me.
Larry's number
was in Norman's phone. So...
We were trying to get
the money to go to London.
Alison.
Assisting an offender
carries a ten-year sentence.
More,
with everything Larry's been up to.
But I've turned a blind eye
because I like you...
...and I want to help.
But now you have to help me.
You need to tell me where Norman is.
Fuck off!
Did you have a nice walk?
Larry, is everything alright?
What have you done?
What?
Why did you keep on at me
to call Norman?
We needed the money to go to London.
Do you know what happened
to Norman... after I called him?
How would I?
What happened?
They came for him.
He popped a couple of 'em.
Is he all right?
Gimme your phone.
Larry, what are you on about?
Give me your phone.
Who's Nadine?
She's the new girl
at the hairdresser's.
So if I call the hairdresser's now
and ask for Nadine...
...is Nadine gonna come on the phone?
She might do. I don't know.
Larry, why are you being like this?
Oh, Alison.
Alison.
What have you done?
What the fuck have you done?
No, don't, Larry.
No!
Cease fire!
Stand up!
Make safe!
Thank you, gentlemen.
These individuals all meet
the parameters I was given.
Do you think any of these men
could have made that shot?
Not unless they've improved
massively from when they were here.
Are you a hundred percent certain
about the distance?
3,815 metres.
That's a fucking long way.
That's what the Germans are saying.
With all due respect to the Germans,
I suggest
someone re-measures the distance,
or else puts me in touch
with whoever modified the weapon,
because whoever it is,
he knows how to make guns.
We could make
very good use of him here.
Yeah, well, thanks for this.
Norman definitely knew
we were coming.
His bags were packed,
and he was ready for a fight.
What's your annual salary?
You know my grade,
you know the pay scales.
And your husband,
he's not a professor, is he?
He's lower down
the university pecking order?
He's a senior lecturer.
Senior lecturer?
So, what does Paul earn? 40, 50?
So it's a comfortable joint wage,
but not mega.
Is there family money?
Your father was... What was he?
Missing.
And your mother?
Has nothing to do with Norman Stoke.
You've been on this side
of the table.
You know why I'm asking.
My mother, if that's what you
wanna call her, was an alcoholic.
She still is.
She lives in sheltered housing now.
Which you pay for.
Must cost quite a penny.
Are you suggesting
I tipped off Norman Stoke
to pay for
my mother's sheltered housing?
Money is almost always the motive.
Let me tell you something, yeah.
I almost got killed
trying to GET Norman.
Two of the men I was with are dead.
You know I didn't tip him off so why
you going through this charade?
You know the world we live in.
You can't trust anyone.
Everyone lies.
About everything.
No.
Damian?
The Special Forces gave me a list
of the best snipers
who fit our parameters,
but they don't think any of them
could have made that shot.
Well, check them out anyway.
Yeah, I will, just got to...
Yep, yeah.
Yeah.
Anything on Norman Stoke?
Er... I spoke to Sparrow in person.
Did you get anything?
Well, she's devastated
and angry about Emma.
She's not in the mood to talk.
When did you last get some sleep?
I'm fine, honestly.
I need you firing on all cylinders.
Go home, get some rest.
'Can anyone hear us?'
Why are you calling me
on my personal phone?
What's going on?
I've just had the pleasure
of Carver's company.
How was that for you?
Unpleasant,
and I've got nothing to hide.
But if there's a leak, it
has to be investigated and resolved.
Something definitely
went wrong in Belarus.
Norman knew we were coming.
Let's assume for present purposes,
it's not you and it's not me.
OK.
The only other people
who knew about the operation
are Damian and Isabel.
Well, if it's Isabel,
we're all fucked.
Indeed.
Could it be Damian?
Why would Damian do it?
Not an easy fellow to pin down,
is he, Damian?
Has a sort of... slippery quality.
Why are we here?
Just to be on the safe side,
what I'm going to tell you
doesn't go any further.
Agreed?
Agreed.
An American friend
has been in contact.
Unofficial, back channel.
I've known him for 20 years.
Ex-station chief
in Ankara and Tokyo.
Level-headed, very judicious.
The Yanks are worried
that the assassination of Fest
will spark copycat murders
of politicians.
They're very keen
to get to the bottom of it
and had been liaising
closely with us.
But now his department
has been told
to not share
any information with 303.
Well, either Carver's right
or the Americans
are trying to sabotage us.
The Americans didn't know
about the Belarus operation
until after it happened.
So... if my friend is right,
the problem is in-house.
From here on, keep the circle tight.
Good morning.
'Have you checked your account?'
Er, I saw that the er,
commencement fee had landed, yeah.
Good.
Rodin is going to be in Tallinn
on the 22nd.
If you leave now you'll have
plenty of time to prepare.
'How reliable's that information?'
A hundred percent.
Understood.
I will start making arrangements.
And we're assuming you finished
whatever business you had in Munich?
Well, that seems like
a decent assumption.
'Good to hear.
We've paid you a lot of money
and we expect to have
your complete attention.'
Absolutely.
How was the Carver experience?
Yeah, he was just doing his job,
I suppose.
Here's the list of snipers.
Appallingly analogue, I know.
But that's the Army for you.
And they've all left the Service.
Thompson's in prison. Manslaughter.
Clegg has MS.
I have addresses for the others.
What do you want me to do?
Find out where they were
- when Fest was killed.
- Copy that.
Thank you.
Anything from Sparrow?
Not yet.
Bianca.
Found something very interesting
on the phone.
Can you get me a coffee, please?
Er, black, no sugar.
Cheers.
Eh, what you got for me?
Well, it was tough.
There's some very serious
encryptions. I'd say state level.
Almost all of the data's
been wiped remotely.
And we were only able to recover
incoming and outgoing numbers.
None of the content but...
in the three weeks leading up
to Manfred Fest's murder,
there was a flurry of calls
and messages from a single number.
Now, interestingly,
they stopped completely
the day Fest was murdered.
Did you get a name for the caller?
Yeah, well, Jackal.
Jackal?
Well, it's codename, obviously.
Alright.
Alright, I'll leave you to it.
Cheers.
Frau Muller.
Herr Fest.
Muller!
Muller! Muller!
No...
You know who I am.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry.
I...I hired you to shoot my father
and then you shot me.
So I was just... I was mad.
Ah, ah, I was just mad.
See it from my point of view, please.
Huh?
I'll pay you, I promise. I promise.
I'll pay you...
I'll pay you whatever you want.
But it's not about the money.
Elias.
Fuck... You.
♪ THE WHO: Won't Get Fooled Again
♪ We'll be fighting in the streets
♪ With our children at our feet
♪ And the morals
that they worship will be gone
♪ And the men who spurred us on
♪ Sit in judgment of all wrong
♪ They decide
and the shotgun sings the song
♪ I'll tip my hat
to the new Constitution
♪ Take a bow for the new revolution
♪ Smile and grin
♪ At the change all around
♪ Pick up my guitar and play
♪ Just like yesterday
♪ Then I'll get on my knees and pray
♪ We don't fooled again
♪ Yeah!
♪ Meet the new boss
♪ Same as the old boss ♪
# Trust in me
♪ In all you do
♪ Have the faith I have in you
♪ Love will see us through
♪ If only you trust in me
♪ Why don't you, you trust me?
♪ Come to me
♪ When things go wrong
♪ Cling to me, daddy
♪ Woah-yeah, and I'll be strong
♪ Oh, if only you trust in me ♪
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky